---
title: "첫 포스팅"
categories:
  - 첫 글, 포스팅, 테스트
last_modified_at: 2023-05-28T14:53:50+09:00  
---

안녕하세요~ 첫 포스팅입니다~ 이것저것 테스트해보려고 합니다~

## Usage

A variety of common HTML elements to demonstrate the theme's stylesheet and verify they have been styled appropriately.

header를 쓸 때 맨 앞에 #를 붙인다. 하나를 붙이면 가장 큰 글자인 h1, 그 뒤로 # 갯수에 따라서 크기가 차례로 작아진다.

# Header one

여기서는 Header one 앞에 #를 붙여서 '# Header one'을 쓰면 위의 크기의 'Header one'이라는 글자가 나온다.

## Header two

### Header three

#### Header four

##### Header five

###### Header six

## Blockquotes

Single line blockquote:

> Stay hungry. Stay foolish.

위와 같이 Blockquote를 사용하려면 맨 앞에 '>'를 입력하고 한 칸 띄고 문장을 입력하면 된다.

Multi line blockquote with a cite reference:

> People think focus means saying yes to the thing you've got to focus on. But that's not what it means at all. It means saying no to the hundred other good ideas that there are. You have to pick carefully. I'm actually as proud of the things we haven't done as the things I have done. Innovation is saying no to 1,000 things.
>
> <footer><strong>Steve Jobs</strong> &mdash; Apple Worldwide Developers' Conference, 1997</footer>

위와 같이 복수의 문장의 blockquote를 사용하려면 한 문장을 인용할 때와 같이 '>'를 입력하고 한 칸 뛰고 문장을 입력하면 된다.
맨 뒤에 인용 출처를 밝히고 싶을 때에는
`<footer><strong>Steve Jobs</strong> &mdash; Apple Worldwide Developoers' Conerence, 1997</footer>`
라고 입력하면 인용문의 맨 아랫줄처럼 출처가 표시된다.


Quoted text inline using `<q>` element:

<p>Luke continued, <q>And then she called him a <q>scruffy-looking nerf-herder</q>! I think I’ve got a chance!</q> The poor naive fool&hellip;</p>

`<q>` 요소는 문장 안에 큰 따옴표로 문장을 인용할 때 사용된다. 위와 같은 문장을 나타내려면

> `<p>`Luke continued, `<q>`And then she called him a `<q>`scruffy-looking nerf-herder`</q>`! I think I’ve got a chance!`</q>` The poor naive fool`&hellip;``</p>`

와 같이 입력하면 된다. 참고로 `&hellip;`는 `...`를 나타낸다.

## Tables

| Employee         | Salary |                                                              |
|------------------|--------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| [John Doe](#)    | $1     | Because that's all Steve Jobs needed for a salary.           |
| [Jane Doe](#)    | $100K  | For all the blogging she does.                               |
| [Fred Bloggs](#) | $100M  | Pictures are worth a thousand words, right? So Jane × 1,000. |
| [Jane Bloggs](#) | $100B  | With hair like that?! Enough said.                           |

| Header1 | Header2 | Header3 |
|:--------|:-------:|--------:|
| cell1   | cell2   | cell3   |
| cell4   | cell5   | cell6   |
|-----------------------------|
| cell1   | cell2   | cell3   |
| cell4   | cell5   | cell6   |
|=============================|
| Foot1   | Foot2   | Foot3   |

## Definition Lists

Definition List Title
: Definition list division.

Startup
: A startup company or startup is a company or temporary organization designed to search for a repeatable and scalable business model.

#dowork
: Coined by Rob Dyrdek and his personal body guard Christopher "Big Black" Boykins, "Do Work" works as a self motivator, to motivating your friends.

Do It Live
: I'll let Bill O'Reilly [explain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_HyZ5aW76c "We'll Do It Live") this one.

## Unordered Lists (Nested)

  * List item one 
      * List item one 
          * List item one
          * List item two
          * List item three
          * List item four
      * List item two
      * List item three
      * List item four
  * List item two
  * List item three
  * List item four

## Ordered List (Nested)

  1. List item one 
      1. List item one 
          1. List item one
          2. List item two
          3. List item three
          4. List item four
      2. List item two
      3. List item three
      4. List item four
  2. List item two
  3. List item three
  4. List item four

## Buttons

Make any link standout more when applying the `.btn` class.

```html
<a href="#" class="btn--success">Success Button</a>
```

[Default Button](#){: .btn}
[Primary Button](#){: .btn .btn--primary}
[Accent Button](#){: .btn .btn--accent}
[Success Button](#){: .btn .btn--success}
[Warning Button](#){: .btn .btn--warning}
[Danger Button](#){: .btn .btn--danger}
[Info Button](#){: .btn .btn--info}
[Inverse Button](#){: .btn .btn--inverse}
[Light Outline Button](#){: .btn .btn--light-outline}

```markdown
[Default Button Text](#link){: .btn}
[Primary Button Text](#link){: .btn .btn--primary}
[Accent Button Text](#link){: .btn .btn--accent}
[Success Button Text](#link){: .btn .btn--success}
[Warning Button Text](#link){: .btn .btn--warning}
[Danger Button Text](#link){: .btn .btn--danger}
[Info Button Text](#link){: .btn .btn--info}
[Inverse Button](#link){: .btn .btn--inverse}
[Light Outline Button](#link){: .btn .btn--light-outline}
```

[X-Large Button](#){: .btn .btn--primary .btn--x-large}
[Large Button](#){: .btn .btn--primary .btn--large}
[Default Button](#){: .btn .btn--primary }
[Small Button](#){: .btn .btn--primary .btn--small}

```markdown
[X-Large Button](#link){: .btn .btn--primary .btn--x-large}
[Large Button](#link){: .btn .btn--primary .btn--large}
[Default Button](#link){: .btn .btn--primary }
[Small Button](#link){: .btn .btn--primary .btn--small}
```

## Notices

**Watch out!** This paragraph of text has been [emphasized](#) with the `{: .notice}` class.
{: .notice}

**Watch out!** This paragraph of text has been [emphasized](#) with the `{: .notice--primary}` class.
{: .notice--primary}

**Watch out!** This paragraph of text has been [emphasized](#) with the `{: .notice--accent}` class.
{: .notice--accent}

**Watch out!** This paragraph of text has been [emphasized](#) with the `{: .notice--info}` class.
{: .notice--info}

**Watch out!** This paragraph of text has been [emphasized](#) with the `{: .notice--warning}` class.
{: .notice--warning}

**Watch out!** This paragraph of text has been [emphasized](#) with the `{: .notice--success}` class.
{: .notice--success}

**Watch out!** This paragraph of text has been [emphasized](#) with the `{: .notice--danger}` class.
{: .notice--danger}


## Address element

<address>
  1 Infinite Loop<br /> Cupertino, CA 95014<br /> United States
</address>

## Anchor element (aka. Link)

This is an example of a [link](http://apple.com "Apple").

## Abbreviation element

The abbreviation CSS stands for "Cascading Style Sheets".

*[CSS]: Cascading Style Sheets

## Cite element

"Code is poetry." ---<cite>Automattic</cite>

## Code element

You will learn later on in these tests that `word-wrap: break-word;` will be your best friend.

## Strike element

This element will let you <strike>strikeout text</strike>.

## Emphasize element

The emphasize element should _italicize_ text.

## Insert element

This element should denote <ins>inserted</ins> text.

## Keyboard element

This scarcely known element emulates <kbd>keyboard text</kbd>, which is usually styled like the `<code>` element.

## Preformatted element

This element styles large blocks of code.

<pre>
.post-title {
	margin: 0 0 5px;
	font-weight: bold;
	font-size: 38px;
	line-height: 1.2;
	and here's a line of some really, really, really, really long text, just to see how the PRE element handles it and to find out how it overflows;
}
</pre>

## Quote element

<q>Developers, developers, developers&#8230;</q> &#8211;Steve Ballmer

## Strong element

This element shows **bold text**.

## Subscript element

Getting our science styling on with H<sub>2</sub>O, which should push the "2" down.

## Superscript element

Still sticking with science and Isaac Newton's E = MC<sup>2</sup>, which should lift the 2 up.

## Variable element

This allows you to denote <var>variables</var>.
